[Task]: Workaround create project (#603)
pimcore/demo: README.md

### Follow these steps

1. Initialize the demo project using the `pimcore/pimcore` image

>     ``docker run -u `id -u`:`id -g` --rm -v `pwd`:/var/www/html pimcore/pimcore:php8.3-latest composer create-project --no-scripts pimcore/demo my-project``

Reviewer: Probably it's better to just remove `post-install-cmd` config from `composer.json`, actually it get's useless anyway 😉

1. Go to your new project
    `cd my-project/`
1. Part of the new project is a docker compose file
    * Run `` echo `id -u`:`id -g` `` to retrieve your local user and group id
    * Open the `docker-compose.yaml` file in an editor, uncomment all the `user: '1000:1000'` lines and update the ids if necessary
    * Start the needed services with `docker compose up -d`

>     * Install the assets by running the script `docker compose exec php composer run-script pimcore-install-assets`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Install the assets by running the script `docker compose exec php bin/console assets:install --symlink --relative`
```
No need to run the command in the context of Composer I'd say, just makes things more complicated 😉
